[Autogenerated] connecting to a dynamodb table in your code base will require
the AWS sdK so we'll get some more experience working with it will be
changing code for both our toppings and users but we can create a common
interface for them to interact with dynamo dB.
Thus making it much more modular in the data folder,
create a new file called dynamos store dot Js.
We'll start by importing a few modular constructors from the AWS SDK,
create a new const with curly braces inside it,
enter dynamodb client then outside of the curly braces,
adding equals and require the at aWS dash sDK slash
client dash dynamo DB dependency.
We're only getting the client here because we're going to use a
special document client to help us with the commands.
This document client will handle the marshaling and on
marshalling of javascript objects into dynamo db JSON
which will save us a lot of work,
declare another const under that with curly braces in the curly braces,
there will be several properties to import.
Start with the dynamo db document client then add get command,
then put command and finally scan command.
Then after the curly braces,
require the at aWS dash sdk slash lib dash dynamo db.
These commands and this document client are from a higher level library in
the AWS SDK So in this file we're going to be implementing three different
functions for dynamo dB operations because of this,
I'd like to simplify the client creation,
create a new function and name it.
Get client In this function at a new concept variable called
Marshall options with two Ls and Marshall.
This will be an object with one property which is convert class
instance to map set the value for this to be true.
This will make sure that any objects passed into our put
commands will be marshaled into a dynamo.
DB JSON map.
Now create a new concept variable under that named client assigned to it.
A new instance of the dynamodb client constructor in this
constructor call pass in an object with the property region and the
value of the region ID that you're working in.
So this is the bare bones client that is being created.
So now we want to convert that to a document client so add the return key words.
Since we'll be passing this back to the collar and then call dynamo db
document client dot from pass in the client variable first and then an
object second and inside that object inside those curly races just
reference the marshal options variable.
Now this function can be used to get a fully configured dynamodb
document client and we don't have to write all of that code several
different times in the different functions.
Now let's go ahead and create our operation functions
will start with the put item function.
It will be an async function that takes two arguments.
A table and the item first,
declare a programs const variable and assigned to it an object.
We're gonna add two properties here, one with the key table,
name, that's what the upper case.
T and uppercase in and value as our table function argument.
The other property will be item for case I and set its property to
the item function argument after the prams object.
We can get our client by declaring a Const with the identify your
client and assigned to it a function call of get client.
Isn't that pretty easy.
Next declared const named command assigned to it.
A new constructor call of put command passing in the prams
object finally return a call of the client dot send
function passing in the command.
Now the put item function is complete.
Next up is he get all items function which will be async and
it only needs a table argument since it's going to retrieve
all items from a given table.
The prams object will declare here will be very simple with just a table
name property with the value as the table argument that was passed in
after that declare contents with the identify your client and assigned to
it a function call of get client.
Then you can declare a const named command to get all items and a table.
We're going to use a scan operation,
scan pulls all items from a dynamodb table in random order.
However, scans do have limits and will only pull one megabyte of data at a time.
If your table has more than that,
you will need to recursive lee call that scan
operation and you pass a start index.
So you can kind of paginated through the items in your table.
We're not going to do that.
We will use a naive implementation here and just call it once
assuming our tables are going to be smaller than one megabyte
assigned to the command variable, a new constructor,
call of scan command, passing in the prams object,
then create another new const variable named response.
We do need to actually parse the response from dynamodb before we return it,
add the await keyword and then a call to client dot send passing in the command.
Then in the next line you can return the response dot items.
Property, this is an array of the items from the scan operation,
the items from your table and that's it.
Forget all items.
Now let's implement the get item function which will also be a sink.
It will take a table argument, an id key argument and an id argument.
We'll be using a primary key to query for an item but we need
to also know the name of that primary key.
Hence both I.
D.
And I.
Key arguments.
Next create a programs object with a table name,
property and table as the value.
Then also create a key argument with an object, literal as the value.
The single property in this object will need to have
the key of the IDE key argument.
So you'll add square brackets on the left side and put the I.
D.
Key variable inside of them.
Then for the value of that on the right side of the colon.
Enter IDE now we get to do our client command dance one last time.
So under that create a new concept titled client and
assigned to it a call to get client,
then you can create a new const titled command and
assigned to it a new constructor call of get command and
pass the prams variable into that.
We need to modify this response to.
So next create a new concept called response and then the await keyword and
then a call to client dot send passing in the command.
Finally you can return response dot item and now get item is complete.
Finally we need to export these functions so set an object
literal to module dot exports and add all the function identify
IRS from above whichever order you prefer.
You don't need to include get client.
Now that are dynamos store is set up,
we need to use it in the toppings and the users modules just
like the last clip will mostly be uncommenting and commenting
code here that doesn't relate to the AWS SDK so should be pretty
quick in the data folder.
Open toppings dot Js.
The toppings modules.
Pretty minimal if you look past the senate function,
it only really has two other functions create and get all all the
toppings are stored in this toppings hash you know just another
makeshift database So let's start by uncommenting line for so the dynamo
store file that we created will be imported then for the get all
function comment line 20 for an uncommenting line 25 so that we'll be
getting the toppings from dynamo.
Then in the create function comment line 33 uncommenting line 34.
So we're putting the item into dynamo and those are all the changes
for this file Now open up the users dot Js file,
We'll start by uncommenting line 5 to bring in the dynamo store module
then and our user create function comment line 17 and uncommenting line
18 so that the users are being put into dynamo dB then in our get
function comment line 23 uncommenting line 24 so that we're fetching the
user out of dynamo and that's it.
Now we're ready to try it all out.
Head over to your console and run in P M.
Start next let's take a look at our dynamodb tables
in the AWS management console.
If we go to the items, viewer and the toppings table,
you'll see that the toppings items have been put in the table.
The users table will also have the mock users inserted into them as well.
Now that our data is in databases,
we don't need to populate it every time the app starts up In
the plugins.js file in the util folder, you can comment,
outline 80 to avoid populating the data every time the app starts.
And although I won't demonstrate it here.
If you push this code to run on your ec two instance,
you will need to add policies to your Pizza Ec two role.
Specifically.
You want to add the amazon RDS full access and amazon Dynamodb full
access policies to access all the databases we created.
In addition,
you'll need to modify the security group of the RDS instance to allow access from the Pizza EC two S G Security Group.